1. Which are the top three variables in your model which contribute most towards the probability of a lead getting converted?
Total Time Spent on Website:
Positive contribution
Higher the time spent on the website, higher the probability of the lead converting into a customer
Sales team should focus on such leads
Lead Source_Reference:
Positive contribution
If the source of the lead is a Reference, then there is a higher probability that the lead would convert, as the referrals not only provide for cashbacks but also assurances from current users and friens who will mostly be trusted - Sales team should focus on such leads
What is your current occupation_Student:
Negative contribution
If the lead is already a student, chances are they will not take up another course which is designed for working professionals.
Sales team should not focus on such leads
2. What are the top 3 categorical/dummy variables in the model which should be focused the most on in order to increase the probability of lead conversion?
Lead Source_Reference
Lead Source_Social Media
Lead Source_Olark Chat
It would seem that the Lead Source plays an important role in scouting for leads that have a higher chance of converting
3. X Education has a period of 2 months every year during which they hire some interns. The sales team, in particular, has around 10 interns allotted to them. So, during this phase, they wish to make the lead conversion more aggressive. So, they want almost all of the potential leads (i.e., the customers who have been predicted as 1 by the model) to be converted and hence, want to make phone calls to as much of such people as possible. Suggest a good strategy they should employ at this stage.
Target leads that spend a lot of time on X-Education site (Total Time Spent on Website)
Target leads that repeatedly visit the site (Page Views Per Visit). However they might be repeatedly visiting to compare courses from the other sites, as the number of visits might be for that reason. So the interns should be a bit more agressive and should ensure competitive points where X-Education is better, are stringly highlighted.
Target leads that have come through References as they have a higher probability of converting
Students can be approached, but they will have a lower probability of converting due to the course being industry based. However, this can also be a motivating factor to ensure industry readiness by the time they complete their education
4. Similarly, at times, the company reaches its target for a quarter before the deadline. During this time, the company wants the sales team to focus on some new work as well. So, during this time, the company’s aim is to not make phone calls unless it’s extremely necessary, i.e., they want to minimize the rate of useless phone calls. Suggest a strategy they should employ at this stage.
Do not focus on unemployed leads. They might not have a budget to spend on the course
Do not focus on students, since they are already studying and would not be willing to enroll into a course specially designed for working professionals, so early in the tenure
